SEE BELOW FOR ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE

Signature of Resident

<!-- image -->

## HOUSING AGREEMENT

This Housing Agreement is entered into on Jul 30, 2025, between jiangyi su ('Resident') and SZ Chapel Hill Apartments LP (' Owner ') and is binding only when signed by Owner's agent.

Start Date:

August 13, 2025

Unit Type: 4 BEDROOM, 4 BATH

End Date:

July 22, 2026

Initial assigned Unit/Bedroom #:

TBD

NUMBER OF BEDROOMS: 1

Housing Installment Rate

$899.00

## Payment Schedule:

12 payments of $899.00 each, due on the dates shown in paragraph 2.

Total Rent:

$10,788.00 $600.00

Administrative Fee:

Security Deposit:

None

This Housing Agreement grants a limited license to Resident to access and make personal residential use of one assigned bedroom space (unless multiple bedrooms are expressly listed above, as further described in paragraph 27) in an apartment, cottage or townhome (in either case referred to as an 'apartment), together with its standard installed furnishings and fixtures, plus shared use of accompanying unit common areas, fixtures and appliances in the assigned apartment, at the assigned apartment, at the property known as ' Chapel Ridge '  at 101 Legacy Terrace, Chapel Hill, NC 27516  (the ' Property ') between the Start Date and End Date listed above.  Resident is initially assigned to the bedroom space and apartment identified above (see floor plans available in the management office or at https://chapelridgeliving.com/ for designation of bedroom spaces); if the space is not immediately identified or assigned, or if it is identified as 'TBD,' 'to be assigned' or 'TBA,' this Housing Agreement is binding and Owner will assign an apartment and bedroom matching the identified  unit type prior to move-in.  Only the named Resident may occupy the assigned space.  Resident will occupy only the assigned bedroom space and no other bedroom within the apartment.  Resident will not allow another person to use a bedroom space or apartment in place of or in addition to Resident, whether for compensation or otherwise, and will not offer to do so through advertising or listings, including, without limitation, through websites such as Airbnb or Vrbo. Except when the assigned unit type is a one-bedroom apartment, this Housing Agreement is for one bedroom and bathroom located within a multiple-bedroom apartment, in which multiple occupants share one common area, fixtures and appliances. Owner will attempt to assign any other bedroom space(s) to person(s) requested by Resident but may contract with others of Owner's choosing for the other space(s) within the apartment, without notice to Resident.  If this Housing Agreement is executed by more than one person identified as 'Resident,' then all obligations are the joint and several obligations of all such persons and 'Resident' will refer to all such persons both individually and collectively. This Housing Agreement includes the terms on the following pages and continues through the numbered paragraphs following the signatures below including the   arbitration provisions contained in paragraph 29.

Note: The Administrative Fee of $600.00 is due at or within seven days after signing this Agreement (and prior to move-in) and is earned and becomes nonrefundable when this Agreement is mutually signed; it is not a security deposit. If Resident has provided or provides, within this seven-day period, a signed Guaranty by an acceptable Guarantor approved by Owner, the Administrative Fee will be reduced to $200.00.  The obligation to pay the applicable Administrative Fee is an element of Resident's performance and not a condition precedent.  Failure to perform will not release Resident from financial responsibility but will entitle Owner, at its option, to delay move-in or terminate for non-performance, following written notice.

I have carefully read, fully understand and voluntarily sign this Housing Agreement.  Once fully signed, this is a binding contract and is intended to be enforceable under its terms.  I have had the opportunity to seek independent legal advice.  I acknowledge that upon execution by Owner (through its authorized agent), this Agreement will be effective and binding upon me and all permitted successors.

ACCEPTANCE OF OWNER:

SZ Chapel Hill Apartments LP

By:

SEE BELOW FOR ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE

Authorized Agent

date

This Housing Agreement ('Agreement') includes the following terms:

1. Term .  Resident will have access to the Property and the assigned bedroom space and apartment as of 1:00 pm on the Start Date, and this access will end as of 12:00 Noon on the End Date (the ' Term '), unless early arrival or late departure is approved by Owner in writing, at additional cost to the Resident.
2. Payment. The Total Rent stated below is a fixed price for the entire Term and is payable in equal installments for convenience; there is no proration or adjustment for any partial month. Resident accepts financial responsibility for the full Term of the Housing Agreement, regardless of whether the assigned bedroom space is occupied for the full Term or at all.  Resident agrees to make full and prompt payment to Owner according to the payment schedule specified below, without demand of Owner, together with all additional charges or fees applicable under this Housing Agreement. Payment may be made by personal check, money order or cashier's check, or in Owner's discretion by credit card, check card, electronic check, or by direct bank transfer, provided that Owner reserves the right to charge processing fees as appropriate for such payment methods and further reserves the right to require that all payments be made either by credit card or by electronic transfer. Cash will not be accepted.  If any payment is returned unpaid, Owner may require Resident to make future payments by certified funds. Payment (including by mail) is deemed made only when actually received by Owner or its agent, subject to clearance of funds.  Resident's payment obligation is a promise by Resident which is independent from all of Owner's and its agent's promises, duties and obligations. To cover Owner's added costs for late payment, each payment will be increased by a late charge of 5% of the unpaid rent or $15, whichever is greater, if any installment of rent is not paid in full within five days after its due date (i.e., on or before the 6th calendar day of the month in which it is due), as allowed by North Carolina Code § 42-46.  (For example, for a payment due on September 1, late fees will be assessed on September 7.)  At Owner's option and without notice to Resident, but subject to applicable law, any amounts owed by Resident, including but not limited to late charges, returned check fees, damage or replacement costs, and any amount owed by Resident to Owner under a separate agreement, will be considered Rent under the terms of this Agreement.  In the event any payment is past due, Owner may take legal action for possession and payment.  To cover Owner's added costs for processing of payments that are dishonored or returned due to insufficient funds, non-compliant accounts or credit card chargebacks, each such payment will be increased by $25 or the maximum amount allowed by law, whichever is less, as a returned payment charge, and will not be considered paid until valid payment has been received. Payment should be mailed or delivered to Chapel Ridge, 101 Legacy Terrace, Chapel Hill, NC 27516.  Acceptance by Owner of any payment will not constitute a waiver of Owner's right to terminate this Agreement and/or claim any damages.  Unpaid charges past due more than 30 days will also bear additional interest at 12% per annum, as allowed by law, from such date through the date of payment in full.
3. Owner; Owner; Agent. The owner of the Property is SZ Chapel Hill Apartments LP.   Owner has appointed The Scion Group LLC ('Manager') as its property management agent, authorized to act on behalf of Owner.  Written correspondence to any of the above should be directed to: 101 Legacy Terrace, Chapel Hill, NC 27516.
4. Assignments. Apartment and bedroom space assignments are made, and may be changed, only by Owner or its agent. Change requested by Resident: Resident may request to change assignments to a different apartment.  Such change requests by the Resident are only effective upon written approval by Owner in its discretion, subject to the following preconditions: (a) Resident must be in good standing under the Housing Agreement; (b) Resident must prepay a $350 reassignment fee (refunded if the request is declined); (c) Resident and Owner must sign a written confirmation of the change in assignment, including Resident's agreement to pay the prevailing rate for the new assignment, pro-rated to the date scheduled for relocation; and (d) relocation must be completed within 48 hours or charges will apply on both spaces. Change by Owner: Owner reserves the right to relocate Resident to another equivalent bedroom space or apartment at the Property for any reason ( e.g., roommate conflict, urgent maintenance, etc.) upon at least three days' notice.  In such case, if the new Owner-assigned space carries a lower rate, Resident's charges will be pro-rated and reduced accordingly; if the new Owner-assigned space carries a higher rate, Resident will continue to pay the rate under this Agreement and will not be charged the higher rate.  Failure to relocate within the time provided by Owner will be considered a material breach and may also result in charges applying for both spaces.
5. Termination; Subletting/Delegation. Once this Agreement is signed by Owner and Resident, Resident can terminate occupancy by providing written notice to Owner and by fully vacating the premises, provided that Resident will remain fully responsible for the Total Rent that would have accrued under this Agreement, through the end of the full original Term. No exception can be made for financial hardship, academic changes, family matters, medical issues, roommate conflict or any other reason. Any charges associated with damage to a bedroom space, apartment or the Property or Resident's failure to vacate completely upon termination, will be payable in addition to the foregoing amount. After such termination, Owner will use its commercially reasonable efforts to contract with other individuals for the use of all available bedroom spaces, including the bedroom space vacated by Resident; if and when all such available bedroom spaces at the Property are fully assigned and occupied and no bedroom spaces remain vacant, Resident will receive a credit equal to the remaining charges that would have accrued under this Housing Agreement, prorated from such date through the end of the original term hereof, less a $650 cancellation/remarketing fee for which Resident will be responsible in addition to all other charges provided herein. Resident understands that due to the seasonal nature of student housing, successful mitigation is unlikely; therefore, Resident will be responsible for remaining scheduled rent, subject to potential credit for mitigation as described above; and to the extent permitted by law, Owner may apply any prepaid amounts or account credit balance toward Resident's current and/or next scheduled obligation(s). Resident may not assign or transfer Resident's interest in

| Payment will be due without proration as follows:   | Payment will be due without proration as follows:   |                           |         |
|-----------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|---------------------------|---------|
| 1 st day of August 2025                             | $899.00                                             | 1 st day of February 2026 | $899.00 |
| 1 st day of September 2025                          | $899.00                                             | 1 st day of March 2026    | $899.00 |
| 1 st day of October 2025                            | $899.00                                             | 1 st day of April 2026    | $899.00 |
| 1 st day of November 2025                           | $899.00                                             | 1 st day of May 2026      | $899.00 |
| 1 st day of December 2025                           | $899.00                                             | 1 st day of June 2026     | $899.00 |
| 1 st day of January 2026                            | $899.00                                             | 1 st day of July 2026     | $899.00 |

this Agreement, or any part hereof, nor sublet Resident's right to use the Property, apartment or bedroom space, or any part thereof, nor provide keys to any other person. However, in Owner's sole discretion, Resident may delegate his or her right to use the Property to another person pursuant to Owner's approved delegation form, signed by all parties, if Resident is in good standing under the Agreement and pays to Owner a delegation fee of $200.

6. Move-in; Inspection; Delay. Before Resident may access or occupy the premises, any required installments or other payments then due (including any Administrative Fee, which is earned and payable upon mutual execution of this Agreement) must be paid in full with cleared funds and guaranty or prepayment requirements satisfied.  The application fee (if any) is non-refundable and is not applicable toward any other payments required of Resident under this Agreement. Prior to Resident's taking possession of the assigned bedroom space (and any re-assigned bedroom space), Resident will conduct an inspection of the assigned bedroom space and apartment and will note on the Check-In/Check-Out Inspection Report ('Inspection Report') any defects, damage or other conditions observed, if not already identified by Owner on such report; upon completion and approval by Owner, the Inspection Report will become part of this Agreement.  At the time of move-out, Resident is encouraged to inspect the bedroom space and apartment with Owner's representative by making an appointment during business hours at least 48 hours in advance.  Within three business days following Resident's move-out (or, as applicable, following the move-out of all residents of an apartment) at the termination of this Agreement, or within a reasonable time if Resident moves out without notifying Owner, Owner will note the then-present condition of the assigned bedroom space and apartment, including all appliances and fixtures, and any damages incurred and/or extraordinary cleaning deemed necessary by Owner or extraordinary wear as determined by Owner.  Resident will promptly pay all costs of restoring the bedroom space and apartment to the same condition upon move-in, less normal wear. Resident acknowledges that except as provided in the Inspection Report, each bedroom space and apartment are being delivered in "as-is" condition, and Resident's acceptance of the assigned bedroom space and apartment at the beginning of the Term constitutes Resident's acknowledgment that the bedroom space and apartment and all fixtures are in good repair and condition. Owner will not be responsible for any damages or consequences suffered by Resident as a result of Owner's inability to timely deliver possession of the apartment or assigned bedroom space to Resident on the anticipated Start Date; in such event, the rent payable will be abated until Owner tenders possession and such delay will not extend or decrease the term or change the End Date. Resident acknowledges that any model apartment at the Property shown to Resident in person, online or through other means is intended to be representative of the general quality and type of construction and materials within apartments. Specific items of décor and furnishings and the actual colors, styles, materials, upholstery and other treatments in the apartment assigned to Resident may vary from those in the model apartment. The actual apartment assigned to Resident may also vary in approximate size, square footage and layout. Resident's apartment will not include custom lighting, lamps, decorations, linens, unattached appliances or other personal property as may be shown in the model apartment.
7. Utilities; Amenities. The following utilities are included in the Total Rent set forth in this Agreement: Internet access, water/sewer and trash disposal.   Resident will be responsible, together and jointly with other residents of the Resident's assigned apartment as applicable, for arranging for and paying all charges associated with electricity, telephone and other utilities not listed above and will promptly pay to the respective utility providers all such charges as they come due.  Failure by residents of an apartment to arrange for electricity billing from Duke Energy Progress (https://progress-energy.com) in the name of one or more residents prior to the Start Date will obligate each resident (including Resident) to pay Owner an administrative fee of $50 per electricity bill, per resident, in addition to the amount of each bill, until the billing is placed in the name of a resident.  Owner makes no representations and hereby disclaims any and all warranties, express or implied, with respect to any utilities provided, including but not limited to those warranties concerning merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose or use, whether made allegedly by Owner or its representatives or agents, whether in writing or otherwise, except as otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement.  Owner does not warrant or guarantee the protection of Resident's privacy during operation of utilities, that such utilities will satisfy Resident's requirements, or that the operation of utilities will be uninterrupted or error free. Resident acknowledges and agrees that neither Owner nor its affiliates, agents, employees or representatives will be responsible to Resident for any non-economic, consequential, incidental, indirect or special damages, including incidental, economic or punitive damages, arising from breach of warranty, breach of contract, negligence or any other legal ground of action, or by reason of the use, discontinuation or modification of any utilities or the termination of any utilities, whether arising from Resident's use of (or inability to use) utilities, or otherwise, even if Owner has been advised of the possibility of such damage.  In the event that any utility service proves defective, or is discontinued or terminated, Owner's and Manager's entire combined liability and Resident's exclusive remedy will be limited to a reimbursement of the approximate cost of that utility incurred by Resident, prorated by the day for each day the utility service proved defective, or was discontinued or terminated, for more than 24 hours. Resident agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Owner and its employees, affiliates and agents, from any and all losses, claims, damages, expenses, other liabilities and causes of action of every nature, including attorney fees, which arise directly or indirectly in connection with: (i) violation by Resident of any laws, ordinances, regulations or rules regarding the utilities; or (ii) illegal or inappropriate use of the utilities.  Any damage or loss to any utility devices during Resident's occupancy will be charged to Resident (and the other residents in the apartment, as applicable) at the replacement cost.  Owner responsibility and liability for electricity service billing, and all remedies, charges and fees related to electricity service, are subject to and controlled by the orders and rules of the North Carolina Utilities Commission. Management will establish schedules and policies for the use of recreation facilities, amenities and other common spaces.  Owner may add, remove, close (temporarily or permanently), upgrade or modify any of the recreation facilities, amenities or common spaces in Owner's discretion, without notice or compensation; provided that if this Agreement expressly includes a separate Amenity Fee, Resident's sole remedy will be limited to a pro-rata credit of such Amenity Fee for the period a covered amenity is closed or fully unavailable.
8. Required Liability Insurance; Personal Property . During the full term of the Housing Agreement, Resident agrees to obtain and maintain at Resident's expense a policy of personal liability insurance (i.e., renter's liability insurance) from a licensed insurance carrier in the United States, with coverage of at least $100,000 per occurrence at actual replacement cost, covering Owner's losses of any kind arising from fire, smoke or water and caused by Resident's negligence and/or by Resident's animal.  The liability insurance requirement and the existence or limits of any such insurance will not reduce or supersede Resident's obligations under this Housing Agreement, except to the extent Owner charges and Resident pays for a waiver of this insurance requirement as provided below.  Resident is not obligated to purchase insurance from any specific provider and may arrange its own personal liability insurance policy from any insurer of Resident's choosing meeting the

- requirements of this paragraph, in which case Resident agrees to provide written proof of the required personal liability insurance coverage, including causing Owner and Manager to be listed as named interested parties on such insurance coverage, by mailing the proof of insurance to P.O. Box 18999, Atlanta, GA 31126 1399.  Owner will provide instructions prior to move-in for submitting proof of insurance or purchasing a compliant insurance policy; Resident's failure to comply with these insurance requirements will be a breach by Resident with Owner reserving its remedies but will not give Resident any right of termination.  If Resident fails or chooses not to provide sufficient proof of compliant personal liability insurance to Owner by the Start Date, or if Resident's insurance is cancelled during the term of this Housing Agreement, then Owner may, at its option, waive Resident's obligation to provide such insurance and obtain its own coverage in Owner's name for the same limited risks (up to $100,000 per occurrence from fire, smoke or water damage caused accidentally by Resident's negligence and/or by Resident's animal) at Owner's expense; in such case, Resident agrees to pay as consideration for this waiver up to $15.00 per installment as additional Rent during the remaining term of this Agreement, of which Owner would retain up to $5.00 per installment as an administrative fee and use the remaining portion to procure such insurance for itself.  This waiver is not insurance, does not release Resident from liability for other damage or causes and does not cover Resident's personal property. Owner strongly recommends that Resident maintain insurance covering Resident's personal property or belongings, which Resident may elect to purchase.   Neither Owner nor any of its employees, representatives or agents assumes any liability, directly or indirectly, for loss or damage to the personal property of Resident or others by fire, theft or any other cause.  Any personal property remaining in the bedroom space and/or apartment at the end of the Term or after earlier termination of this Agreement will be considered abandoned by Resident and may be disposed of by Owner at the risk and expense of Resident, with Owner maintaining a landlord's lien for unpaid rent as provided by law. Owner will not be liable or responsible for storage or disposition of the Resident's personal property.  If there are multiple individuals comprising Resident, then all references to and obligations of Resident in this paragraph 8 will apply to each such individual, separately.
9. Responsibility for Damage.  Resident is solely responsible for any damage, defacement or loss arising within the assigned bedroom space.  All assigned residents of an apartment are jointly and severally responsible for any damage, defacement or loss to common areas, other parts of the Property, fixtures or appliances, except for the portion of damages over $100,000 where it is finally established that Resident or one or more other residents of the apartment were solely at fault for the entire loss, in which case such person(s) will be solely responsible. Resident is fully responsible for the conduct of Resident's guests, visitors, licensees and invitees ('Guests'), including without limitation harm to individuals or damage or defacement of any part of the Property or its fixtures or property of third parties (including other residents) by such Guests.
10. Prohibitions. Firearms , weapons, explosives and illegal drugs of any kind are strictly prohibited anywhere on or about the Property, including within individual apartments and bedroom spaces and in community and parking areas (except government-issued service weapons carried by duly deputized law enforcement personnel).  Discharging a firearm or displaying or possessing any weapon in a way that may threaten or alarm others, is prohibited anywhere at the Property. No gas or charcoal grill, nor any other open flame cooking or heating device, may be stored or used on any balcony, deck and/or patio at the Property or within 25 feet of any building, except permanently installed community grills provided by Owner.  Resident will, and will cause Guests to:  (a) comply with all federal, state, county and city laws, ordinances and/or regulations, including without limitation those relating to controlled substances and alcoholic beverages; (b) not act in any way that endangers the Property or the safety of any person, or that is intended to facilitate criminal activity; (c) not engage in disruptive conduct or allow any noise loud enough to be heard outside the apartment or in neighboring apartments assuming doors and windows were closed; (d) not place or keep any trash outside of the apartment, including on any balcony, deck or patio; (e) not damage, take or possess any property belonging to others without express consent; (f) not tamper or interfere with smoke detectors, sprinklers or fire alarms; (g) not injure the reputation of the Property or its residents, (h) not act or fail to act in any way that would cause an increase in the rate of insurance at the Property; (i) not engage in any activity which interferes with or decreases the use and enjoyment of the Property by other residents; and (j) otherwise obey the Community Policies and other rules applicable to the Property.  Any single violation of any of the foregoing will be considered a material breach of this Agreement and will be good cause for immediate termination of the Agreement with all applicable charges continuing to come due.
11. Cleanliness and Safety; Entry. Resident agrees to maintain the assigned bedroom space, the apartment and the common areas of the Property in a clean, safe and sanitary condition, to exercise all due care in the use of same, and to cooperate fully with the Property pest control program as requested.  Resident will be responsible for the cost of treatment for bedbugs and similar pests to the extent Owner's pest control vendor reasonably determines that an infestation has originated within Resident's assigned space and during Resident's occupancy.  Resident will place all trash in provided receptacles and will be responsible for the cost of cleaning the interior or exterior of the apartment if not kept in sanitary condition.  When outdoor temperatures are below 40 degrees Fahrenheit, Resident will keep the apartment's heat turned on to prevent frozen or burst pipes, including during vacations.   When outdoor temperatures exceed 85 degrees Fahrenheit, Resident will keep the apartment's air conditioning turned on and set to a reasonable temperature to prevent mold or mildew growth, including during vacations. Owner and its agents, employees and contractors may enter any apartment and bedroom space to perform routine maintenance, inspections, showings and other ordinary functions, provided that Owner will provide advance notice to residents of an apartment before such entry.  Owner reserves the right to enter an apartment and any bedroom space without prior notice (including a passkey and/or disarming the alarm or other means of entry if locks have been changed) for emergency maintenance or repair purposes, or when there is reasonable cause to believe that a situation exists that could cause danger to life, safety, health or property.  Owner may confiscate any item deemed to cause a danger and is under no obligation to pay compensation for or to return such items.
12. Residential Use; Mobility Devices; Pets. The bedroom space and apartment may be used solely for private residential purposes and for no other purposes.  Resident may not carry on any business or other enterprise from the bedroom space or apartment, nor use any Owner-provided Internet connections for business purposes.  Resident may place no signs, placards or other advertisement of any character in the bedroom space or apartment, nor display anything in an apartment or bedroom space that is visible from outside the Property or the apartment.  Resident may not place any mobility device in or adjacent to any indoor area at the Property, and may not connect any such device or vehicle to a Property electrical outlet except a designed electric vehicle charging station which may be made available in Owner's discretion. Pets are permitted in or about the Property only following Owner's signature on a Pet Addendum for the specific pet, which requires payment of a registration fee and pet rent as provided in the Pet Addendum; all other pets are prohibited anywhere at the Property.  Certain animals and breeds are prohibited;

Owner reserves the right to decline permission for any pet it deems may be unsafe or unsanitary and to have removed any unattended or dangerous animal.  Every dog must be kept on a leash at all times when outside of the Resident's apartment.  Additional restrictions on the number, keeping and treatment of pets are provided in the Community Policies and Pet Addendum.  The residents of any apartment in which an animal is kept are jointly and severally responsible for the actions of the animal, including any damage caused by the animal, and for prompt clean-up of all waste from the animal. Violation of the pet policy will subject Resident to deep-cleaning and daily administration fees in Owner's discretion and may be considered as a termination of this Housing Agreement by Resident.

13. Guests; Occupancy Limits. No more than one person may occupy a bedroom space, except for minor children for whom the Resident is the parent or legal guardian with Owner's consent and with consent of apartment-mates as applicable.  If Resident desires to have an Overnight Guest (any person staying in the Resident's assigned bedroom space or apartment for more than three total nights in any 30-day period), then Resident must register the Overnight Guest(s) with Owner.  Resident may not have Overnight Guest(s) for more than three consecutive nights, nor for more than six total nights in any 30-day period.  In the event any unregistered or unauthorized Overnight Guest(s) are identified to be in or using an apartment or bedroom space, Owner may assess against the Resident a fee of $60 per night, in addition to the right of Owner to declare Resident in material breach of this Agreement and pursue other available remedies.  Although Resident may have Guests from time to time, Owner reserves the right to restrict the number of persons permitted in or about an apartment at any time in Owner's discretion, to protect safety and the quiet enjoyment of other residents.  Guests may park only in designated guest parking areas, if any, and no Guest's vehicle may remain at the Property for more than three days.
14. Parking. Parking, if any, is governed by a separate addendum between Resident and Owner, under which Resident may receive a nonexclusive, undivided limited permit to use one non-reserved parking spot at any time in the Property's parking designated facilities (subject to handicap and reserved parking restrictions) for the sole purpose of parking one personal, non-commercial vehicle, and for ordinary access to and from such parking garage over marked driveways.  If Resident has contracted for parking, the parked vehicle must be properly registered and licensed and may not create a safety hazard.  Vehicles improperly parked or appearing abandoned may be towed at the vehicle owner's expense.  This paragraph creates a limited use license and not a bailment.  Resident assumes all risk and responsibility for damage to any parked or moving vehicle and any personal property contained in it, and the vehicles or other personal property of others, in connection with any use of parking areas.   Unauthorized or improperly parked vehicles will be towed at the risk and expense of the vehicle owner.  Owner is not responsible for any damage to vehicles or property contained in vehicles.  Owner reserves the right to revoke or restrict parking rights in the event Resident violates this paragraph or the Agreement.
15.  Smoking. Smoking or vaping, or burning candles or incense, inside any apartment, hallway, elevator, breezeway, stairwell, balcony, patio or other indoor or adjacent area by Resident or his or her guest(s) is prohibited.  In the event that Resident or any guest smokes, burns candles, burns incense or engages in any other activity which could result in particles and/or smoke which tend to cause staining or odor on walls, carpeting or other portions of the premises, a persistent odor in the apartment that necessitates ductwork cleaning or the removal of carpeting and padding despite an apparent clean appearance, all such damage and repair cost will be considered extraordinary damage beyond normal wear and tear and is the responsibility of the Resident.  Therefore, Resident agrees that any smoking in an apartment will subject the residents to a collective minimum deep-cleaning fee of $250, plus any additional costs of cleaning or repair in connection with smoking or other smokerelated damage, in addition to Owner's other remedies for breach of this Agreement.

## 16. Maintenance, Alteration and Repair

- (a) Resident is responsible for and agrees to take good care of the premises, fixtures and all common areas.  Resident may not remove any of Owner's property and will not perform any repairs, upgrades, painting, wallpapering, electric changes or other alterations of the premises without prior written consent from Owner.  Resident will be responsible for damage from waste stoppages caused by foreign or improper objects or improper use in lines serving bathrooms, damage to fixtures, appliances, doors, windows, screens, damage from water faucets left on or from doors left open, and repairs or replacements to alarm devices necessitated by misuse or damage by Resident and/or guests. Extraordinary appliances or furnishings such as satellite dishes, hot tubs, pool tables, water beds or high utility-consuming devices may not be installed or placed on the premises or anywhere at the Property without Owner's prior written consent, in its sole discretion.
- (b) In the case of a malfunction of any utilities or damage by fire, water or similar cause, or any water leak,  suspected mold or microbial growth, electrical problem, broken glass, broken lock or any other condition that Resident reasonably believes poses a hazard to health and safety, Resident must promptly notify Owner in writing.  Owner will act with reasonable time and diligence in making repairs and reconnections; Resident may not withhold or reduce payment of rent or other charges during such time.  Maintenance and repair requested by Resident will generally be performed between 8am and 8pm, unless the work is considered an emergency, in which case work may take place at any time.  Owner may temporarily disconnect equipment or utilities to avoid property damage and/or to perform repairs requiring such interruption, in Owner's sole discretion.  Owner will not be liable for any inconvenience, discomfort, disruption or interference with Resident use of the premises because of ongoing repairs, alterations or improvements to the Property or any apartment.
- (c) Following move-in, Resident is responsible for providing and changing all light bulbs and batteries (for smoke detectors and remote controls) in the assigned apartment.  A written maintenance report requesting assistance in changing these items may be submitted for maintenance staff assistance, with extra charges payable by Resident as applicable per Owner's published rates.  From time to time, maintenance staff may enter the assigned apartment with or without notice to inspect and change furnace filters and to provide pest control.
17. Management; Community Policies. Owner may retain employees and management agents from time to time to manage the Property, and Owner's agent may retain other employees or contractors.  Resident, on behalf of himself or herself and his or her Guests, agrees to comply fully with all directions from Owner and its employees and agents, and the rules and regulations (including all amendments and additions thereto, except those that substantially modify the Resident's bargain and to which Resident timely objects) as contained in this Agreement and the Community Policies of the Property. The Community Policies are available at https://chapelridgeliving.com/policies.pdf or on request from the management office and are considered part of this Agreement.
18. Breach by Resident. Upon any breach by Resident of this Housing Agreement or a prior agreement between Resident and Owner or its affiliates, including community policies, Owner may without separate demand or notice except as provided by law, and in addition to other

lawful remedies, do any one or more of the following: (i) collect any charge under this Housing Agreement or community policies, including reimbursement for costs of collection; (ii) terminate this Housing Agreement and/or Resident's right to occupy the premises, and/or institute an action for eviction; (iii) sue to collect all past due charges and/or unpaid rent and other charges which become due through the End Date or until the bedroom space and all other bedroom spaces at the Property have been filled, with recovery by Owner of any discrepancy in rent rate and any expense incurred in obtaining the new resident contract; (iv) report any information to credit reporting agencies.  Without limitation, Owner may terminate this Agreement for non-payment of rent or other charges, or upon any conduct by Resident that is prohibited by or in breach of this Agreement, or if, in the reasonable judgment of Owner, continued residency will or may be detrimental to the educational process or the health, safety and/or welfare of the other residents of the Property or any of the Property's personnel.  Upon any termination as described in this paragraph, Resident: (a) must fully vacate the bedroom space and apartment (including removing all personal belongings) within the time provided in the written notice given by Owner, and will have no further use of or access to the Property, the assigned apartment or bedroom space; and (b) will be fully responsible for all rent and other charges as if the Agreement had been terminated by Resident as described in paragraph 5.  Owner's termination for breach will not limit its claim for damages resulting from Resident's breach.  Owner's acceptance of rent or other payment following notice to vacate or during the pendency of a legal action will not waive or diminish Owner's rights under this Agreement or law unless separately and expressly agreed by Owner.

19. Assumption of Risks; Liability. Resident ASSUMES ALL RISKS associated with use of the Property, and to the full extent permitted by law, agrees to hold harmless, release, defend and indemnify Owner and its affiliates, members, partners, officers, agents, management company and its and their respective employees ('Released Parties') from all loss, liability and/or claims for injury, illness or death to persons or damage or theft to property arising in whole or in part from: (i)  the negligent acts, omissions or intentional wrongdoing of Resident or his/her Guests;  or (ii) the use, occupancy, presence at or other interaction with the Property or any part or contents thereof by Resident or his or her Guests, including without limitation those injuries and damages caused by a Released Party's alleged or actual negligence or by breach of any express or implied warranty, all except solely to the extent of Owner's liability expressly arising under applicable law and to the extent such liability may not be waived or released under law.  The Released Parties will not be liable for injury, damage or loss caused by criminal conduct of other persons, including theft, assault, vandalism or other acts of third parties.  Resident agrees to indemnify each Released Party for any injuries to Resident or any Guest or other person or property that arises in connection with occupancy or use by Resident or any Guest of Resident. Resident further agrees to reimburse, indemnify and hold harmless Released Parties from any and all claims, lawsuits, actions, costs, damages (including liquidated damages as specified) or losses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs and expenses as allowed by law, that a Released Party incurs or may incur as a result of any breach of this Agreement by Resident.  The forgoing will be binding to the fullest extent permitted by law.
20. Safety Precautions. Resident acknowledges that neither Owner nor any of its agents, employees or representatives has made any representations or warranties, either written or oral, concerning the safety of the Property, the bedroom space or any apartment, or the effectiveness or operability of any security devices or safety, health or security measures at the Property, the bedroom space or any apartment. Resident acknowledges that Owner neither warrants nor guarantees the safety or security of residents or their Guests against any criminal or wrongful acts of third parties.  Resident and his or her Guests are responsible for protecting their own respective person and property and hereby release Owner and its agents, employees and representatives for any and all damage to person and property. Owner's safety measures are neither a warranty of safety nor a guaranty against crime or of a reduced risk of crime.  Resident acknowledges that security devices or measures may be changed or removed by Owner without notice or compensation, and/or may fail or be thwarted by criminals or by electrical or mechanical malfunctions.  Therefore, Resident acknowledges that he or she should not rely on such devices or measures and should take steps to protect himself or herself and his or her existing property notwithstanding these devices.  Resident agrees to immediately notify Owner's representative of any malfunctions involving locks and life-safety building components.   Should Resident become seriously injured or imperiled at the Property, Resident authorizes Owner and its agents to call 911 Emergency at Resident's expense, without legal obligation to do so.
21. Abandonment. If the assigned bedroom space or an apartment is abandoned or Resident's right to use them has been terminated, Owner may, without notice, secure the bedroom space and/or apartment with new locks, store or dispose of any personal property left in the bedroom space or apartment by Resident or Resident's Guests, and re-assign the bedroom space and/or apartment to others for use. Any such abandoned property or personal possessions will be stored and disposed of by Owner as provided by law.  Owner, in its sole reasonable discretion in accordance with applicable law, will determine when a bedroom and/or apartment is abandoned, which may take into consideration any one of the following: the removal of personal property from the bedroom space other than in the usual course of continuing use, the failure to pay housing charges or other charges, discontinuance of any utility service, and failure to respond to any notices, phone calls, or correspondence from Owner or its representatives.
22. Vacating at End of Term; Renewal.  This Agreement does not automatically renew, and Owner is not obligated to renew it. Owner reserves the right to contract with others for the premises at any time, for occupancy commencing after the End Date.   The parties mutually agree that Resident's tenancy and right of occupancy will end automatically on the End Date and that this provision constitutes notice of termination on the End Date.  Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason, Resident will immediately vacate and relinquish the bedroom space and entire apartment, and all of Owner's fixtures, in a clean and sanitary condition, including removing all trash.  Resident will pay all utility and service bills to the bedroom space and apartment (except those provided by Owner as specified above) and cancel all utility accounts in the name of Resident.  Resident will return to Owner all keys issued to Resident by Owner.  If all keys issued to Resident are not returned promptly to Owner, Resident will pay all costs associated with re-keying or reprogramming locks for the bedroom space and/or apartment, along with the cost of key replacement.  If Resident fails to vacate the bedroom space and apartment by the end of the Term or upon earlier termination of the Agreement, Resident will pay an administrative fee in the amount of $300.00 plus agreed holdover charges equal to three (3) times the daily pro-rated housing charges during the Term (but not more than the amount provided by law), plus associated expenses, including attorneys' fees as allowed by law.  In no event after termination or expiration of this Agreement will it be deemed to be renewed or extended.

SEE BELOW FOR ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE Signature of Resident

<!-- image -->

## CONCESSION ADDENDUM

This Concession Addendum is entered into on Jul 30, 2025 between jiangyi su (Resident') and SZ Chapel Hill Apartments LP d/b/a 'Chapel Ridge' (' Owner ') and is binding only when signed by Owner or its agent.

Resident's Housing Agreement, covering the term of August 13, 2025 to July 22, 2026, is amended to provide a total rent concession of $2,400.00. This concession will be applied equally as a credit of $200.00 against each installment. Resident will pay the installment payments specified in the Housing Agreement less the per-installment credit amount provided herein.

All other provisions of the Housing Agreement remain in effect and unchanged. As consideration for this Concession Addendum, Resident agrees that if the Housing Agreement is terminated for any reason prior to the End Date or all net amounts due under the Housing Agreement are not paid as and when due, the entire concession will become void and must be repaid.

## ACCEPTANCE BY OWNER:

SZ Chapel Hill Apartments LP d/b/a 'Chapel Ridge'

By:

SEE BELOW FOR ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE

Authorized Agent